
# Keys and buttons are translated from enum names in InControl

# Keyboard code translations

m.None = None

m.Key0 = 0
m.Key1 = 1
m.Key2 = 2
m.Key3 = 3
m.Key4 = 4
m.Key5 = 5
m.Key6 = 6
m.Key7 = 7
m.Key8 = 8
m.Key9 = 9

m.Pad0 = Num0
m.Pad1 = Num1
m.Pad2 = Num2
m.Pad3 = Num3
m.Pad4 = Num4
m.Pad5 = Num5
m.Pad6 = Num6
m.Pad7 = Num7
m.Pad8 = Num8
m.Pad9 = Num9

m.LeftButton = MouseLeft
m.RightButton = MouseRight
m.MiddleButton = MouseMid
m.PositiveScrollWheel = ScrollUp
m.NegativeScrollWheel = ScrollDown

m.LeftShift = LeftShift
m.RightShift = RightShift
m.LeftCtrl = LeftCtrl
m.RightCtrl = RightCtrl
m.LeftAlt = LeftAlt
m.RightAlt = RightAlt
m.UpArrow = UpArrow
m.DownArrow = DownArrow
m.LeftArrow = LeftArrow
m.RightArrow = RightArrow
m.Space = Space
m.Slash = Slash
m.Backslash = Backslash

#Gamepad

m.Action1 = A
m.Action2 = B
m.Action3 = X
m.Action4 = Y
m.LeftTrigger = LT
m.LeftBumper = LB
m.RightTrigger = RT
m.RightBumper = RB
m.DPadUp = Up
m.DPadDown = Down
m.DPadLeft = Left
m.DPadRight = Right
m.Back = Back
m.Start = Start
m.LeftStick = Left Stick
m.RightStick = Right Stick
m.LeftStickButton = Left Stick
m.RightStickButton = Right Stick
m.View = View
m.Menu = Menu
m.ps4.Options = OPTIONS
m.ps4.Start = OPTIONS
m.ps4.Menu = OPTIONS
m.ps4.Share = SHARE
m.ps4.LeftTrigger = L2
m.ps4.LeftBumper = L1
m.ps4.RightTrigger = R2
m.ps4.RightBumper = R1
m.ps4.DPadUp = up button
m.ps4.DPadDown = down button
m.ps4.DPadLeft = left button
m.ps4.DPadRight = right button
m.ps4.LeftStick = left stick
m.ps4.RightStick = right stick
m.ps4.LeftStickButton = L3
m.ps4.RightStickButton = R3
m.ps4.Action1 = cross button
m.ps4.Action2 = circle button
m.ps4.Action3 = square button
m.ps4.Action4 = triangle button
m.ps4.TouchPadButton = touch pad button
